In this lesson, you saw several approaches to the trajectory generation problem.
None of them is the best for every situation that a self-driving car will encounter.
In reality, most self-driving cars have
several trajectory planners they can use depending on the situation.
A car may use hybrid A* in parking lots,
polynomial trajectory generation on low traffic highways,
and maybe several others for situations like intersections,
high traffic, et cetera.
In the final project,
you'll get to choose how you implement trajectory generation.
But I suspect you'll find
that polynomial trajectory generation is well-suited for this problem.
Good luck, and safe driving.